Melo Music Inc. Terms of Service
Hello and welcome to Melo Music! Melo Music provides a music sharing platform enabling creators and listeners to interact, share content, react and communicate.
Definitions. Before we get started, let’s review a few definitions used in these Terms.
“Account” means an account created on the Melo Music Platform.
“Content” means any text content, notification, email, video, logo, image, bitmoji, or audio, or any other content or any combination thereof, in each case, that we make publicly available or which we permit you to access, whether created by us, you or a third party. 
“Individual Data” means any data that relates to any User’s use of our Platform. 
“Melo Music”, “we”, “us” or “our” means Melo Music Inc., a Delaware corporation.
“Melo Music Messenger” means the communication channels available through our Platform, including without limitation such messaging, video-conferencing, file-sharing or other applications as we may from time to time make available. Such channels may include third-party applications, that may from time to time allow Users to communicate with one another and certain third parties who are not Users.
“Mobile App” means the Melo Music mobile application available through the App Store, Google Play or other such mobile application download channel.
“Platform” means our Website, Mobile App and any other related applications, in each case, as we may from time to time make available.
“Terms” mean these Terms of Service, which are a legally binding agreement that governs your access to our Platform. 
“User” means any creator or artist, or listener of our Platform.
“User Content” means any Content that any User provides to be made available through the Platform, including without limitation any Account Information or Content submitted through Melo Music Messenger. 
“Website” means https://www.melomusic.app/ or any of its associated domains.
“you” or “your” means you.
Acceptance of Terms. 
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY, AS THEY CONTAIN AN AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE, WHICH REQUIRES THAT YOU AND MELO MUSIC ARBITRATE CERTAIN CLAIMS BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION INSTEAD OF GOING TO COURT, AND LIMITS CLASS ACTION CLAIMS, UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE AS DESCRIBED IN SECTION 12 OF THESE TERMS.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE OUR PLATFORM. By using our Platform or accessing any Content that we make available through our Platform, you agree to these Terms. These Terms and our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference, form a legally binding agreement between you and Melo Music. 
BY USING OUR PLATFORM, INCLUDING OUR WEBSITE AND MOBILE APP, YOU REPRESENT TO US THAT YOU CAN FORM LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACTS UNDER APPLICABLE LAW AND ARE AT LEAST EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OF AGE, OR AT LEAST THIRTEEN (13) YEARS OF AGE AND ARE USING OUR PLATFORM UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF A PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN WHO AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.  IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN OF A USER UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18), YOU AGREE TO BE FULLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF SUCH USER IN CONNECTION WITH OUR PLATFORM. Our Platform may be used in various countries. However, if you are using our Platform outside of the United States of America, you are responsible for ensuring that your use of our Platform complies with applicable law; we make no warranty that any use of our Platform is permitted in your country.
These terms may have changed since your last visit. We reserve the right to revise these Terms in our sole discretion at any time and without prior notice to you other than by posting the revised Terms on our Website. Revisions to the Terms are effective upon posting. The Terms will be identified as of the most recent date of revision. Your continued use of our Platform after a revised version of these Terms has been posted on our Website constitutes your binding acceptance of the revised Terms. 
Login Credentials; Account Information; Communications.
Login Credentials. In order to use some of our Platform, you may be required to create an Account by providing certain information. We may ask you to complete a registration form and create a username and password, or we may permit you to login through a third party application (your username, password for us or for any third party application, your “Login Credentials”). You are responsible for protecting your Login Credentials from unauthorized use, and you are responsible for all activity that occurs on your Account (including without limitation any financial obligations). You agree to notify us immediately if you believe that your Login Credentials have been or may be used without your permission so that appropriate action can be taken. We are not responsible for losses or damage caused by your failure to safeguard your Login Credentials.
Account Information. During your registration, you shall give truthful information about you (such as name, email address, phone number and payment account information) (collectively, together with the additional information referenced in Section 3(a), your “Account Information”). You represent, warrant and covenant to us that your Account Information is and shall remain accurate and up-to-date, and you understand that you are responsible for ensuring that your Account Information is accurate and for keeping your Account Information up-to-date.
Acknowledgement for You to Receive Communications. You hereby agree: (i) to receive communications, including emails, text or data messages, push notifications, mail and telephone calls, that are related to our Platform; that any communications from us may also include marketing materials from us or from third parties; and that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that we send to you electronically are deemed to satisfy any legal communication requirements. You may opt out from receiving our communications by emailing support@melomusic.app or selecting to unsubscribe as may be provided in the applicable correspondence. In addition, if you create an Account, we may allow you to opt in to receive certain communications regarding certain Account activity (any such settings, “Notification Settings”). You may change any Notification Settings through your Account at any time.
Our Platform; Fees. We are a social media music sharing and listening platform. Through our Platform, User artists are able to post Content, including music and pictures, among other types of Content. This Content is then made available to User listeners that are interested in similar Content, based on their listening habits and interests in exploring similar Content.  As a result, our Platform helps User artists find potential User listeners and get in front of potential fans. Of course, your Content remains yours, so the ability to turn a User listener into a fan depends on your Content and engagement your User listeners. As a User artist, you may upload your music or other Content from another music service. Because we only play snippets of your Content, you understand and agree that we will not pay you any royalty for the use of your Content, and you voluntarily submit your Content to us for the purpose of building a fan base and exposing your Content to more User listeners.  
As a User listener, you may provide us with information about the types of music that you like so that we can provide you with a stream of music that is interesting for your particular musical interests. Or you can just start listening to the music that we make available! From there, we will guide you to music that interests you and help you explore related music to expose you to new great artists. On our Platform, you can listen to snippets of music and then decide to buy a license to the whole track or stream the whole track on another third-party service. We may facilitate your ability to do so, from time to time and depending on the third-party service.
Many Users will be both User artists and User listeners. As a result, these Terms apply to you in your role at that time. If you are a User listener as to any Content, you agree not to upload any such Content to our Platform or otherwise impersonate the applicable User artist. 
Communications; Melo Music Messenger.  Our Platform may allow you to upload or download certain Content from such devices and applications as we may from time to time make available for purposes of sharing or exploring Content. Our Platform may also allow you to communicate with other Users. You understand that we are not responsible for any such Content, including without limitation the content of your communications through Melo Music Messenger or any other messaging, audio or video-conferencing or file-sharing tools that we may from time to time make available, including without limitation Melo Messenger. However, if you would like to report a concern about a communication, you may contact us at support@melomusic.app.

Fees. We do not currently anticipate charging fees for your use of our Platform. However, we reserve the right to do so in the future. We will provide notice on our Platform before we charge such fees. If you continue to use our Platform after we provide such notice, you agree to pay the fees described on our Platform. By using our Platform, you agree to our Fee Schedule, incorporated herein by reference and available by request from prazul@melomusic.app.

Referrals. Melo Music may engage distributors or other individuals or entities who may have been compensated or incentivized to speak on our behalf and/or refer you to our Platform. If you receive a referral from a third-party source, note that such individual or entity may have been compensated by us for his or her statements.
Scope of Service; Modifying and Terminating Service. 
Modification of Platform. We may change and update our Platform at any time. We may add or remove features including without limitation making free Platform paid Platform and vice versa. We will endeavor to give you appropriate advance notice about any major changes, although you understand that we may stop, suspend or change our Platform at any time without prior notice. If you do not like our Platform or these Terms, or would like to provide constructive feedback, please let us know by contacting us at support@melomusic.app. We do not promise to make any changes that you suggest, and your sole remedy if you are dissatisfied with our Platform or these Terms is that you may discontinue your use of our Platform.
Suspension of Platform. We may alter, suspend or discontinue our Platform in whole or in part, at any time and for any reason, without notice. Our Platform may also periodically become unavailable due to maintenance, downtime or for other reasons. In order to use our Platform, you must have a device with Internet connectivity that can access our Website or any Mobile App that we may provide. You will be solely responsible for procuring any hardware, software or other materials that are required or recommended for your use of our Platform.
Termination by Us. We may terminate your access to our Platform, in our sole discretion, for any reason and at any time.  If you have provided us with your email address, we will endeavor to provide electronic notice to you at such email address. You agree that we are not liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to our Platform. 
Termination by You. You may terminate these Terms at any time by ceasing to use our Platform and, if applicable, by deleting your Account. We may provide instructions on our Platform for how to delete your Account, and may update such instructions from time to time. Please follow such instructions if you would like to delete your Account.
Telecommunications. When using our Platform, your telecommunications carrier’s normal rates and charges apply. Unless otherwise set forth in these Terms, we are not responsible for any charges you incur from your telecommunications carrier or otherwise as a result of use of our Platform. You are responsible for ensuring that, at all times while using our Platform, you are not in violation of any agreement with your telecommunications carrier.
Survival of Terms. The following Sections of these Terms and any accrued obligations will survive any termination of these Terms: Section 1, Section 5(f), Section 6 (except Section 6(a)(i) and Section 6(b)(i)), Section 8 through Section 13 (inclusive) and any related definitions. 
Intellectual Property; Licenses; Content; Individual Data.
Content, Individual Data, Suggestions.
Our Content. Subject to these Terms and any other agreement between you and us, we hereby grant you a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable license to access and use Content that we make available through our Platform, solely for your personal and non-commercial use, and subject to any restrictions on certain types of Content set forth in these Terms. You understand that the Content that is posted on our Platform is used by you at your own risk. 
Changes to Content. We reserve the right to make changes to any Content or descriptions of our Platform without obligation to issue any notice of such changes. 
Rights in User Content Granted by You. You hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, sublicensable, transferable, royalty free, fully paid up license to reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, modify, translate, adapt, publicly perform, publicly display and otherwise use your User Content, and you understand that we may allow any third party to use your User Content as well. 
Your Responsibility for User Content. You are solely responsible for all of your User Content. You represent and warrant that you own all your User Content or you have all rights that are necessary to grant us the license rights in your User Content under these Terms. You also represent and warrant that neither your User Content, nor your use and provision of your User Content to be made available through our Platform, nor any use of your User Content by Melo Music on or through our Platform, will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party’s intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation. 
Individual Data. You own your Individual Data. You hereby grant us a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, sublicensable, transferable, royalty free, fully paid up license to reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, modify, translate, adapt, publicly perform, publicly display and otherwise use any Individual Data, and you understand that we may allow any third party to use such Individual Data.
Unsolicited Feedback. We welcome your feedback, ideas and suggestions (collectively, “Suggestions”). If you send us any Suggestions, including as permitted under Section 6(a) of these Terms, you agree that: (1) your Suggestion(s) become our property and you are not owed any compensation in exchange; (2) none of the Suggestion(s) contain confidential or proprietary information of any third party; (3) we may use or redistribute Suggestion(s) for any purpose and in any way; (4) there is no obligation for us to review your Suggestion(s); and (5) we have no obligation to keep any Suggestions confidential.
Applications; License to Use.
License to Use. Subject to these Terms and any other agreement between you and us, we grant to you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to install and use any application we may offer on a compatible mobile device for your personal, non-commercial purposes and use of our Platform, in each case, solely in the manner enabled by us.
Limitations; Revocation. Your license to use our Platform is automatically revoked if you violate these Terms. From time to time, we may upgrade our Platform or make improvements to our Platform. You agree that these Terms will apply to all such upgrades or improvements. The foregoing license grant is not a sale of any mobile application we may provide or the Website or a sale of a copy of any such application or our Website, and we retain all rights and interest in our Platform. Any attempt by you to transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder, except as expressly provided for in these Terms, is void. We reserve all rights not expressly granted under these Terms.
No Implied Licenses. Nothing contained on our Platform should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use our Platform or any Content, through the use of framing or otherwise, except: (a) as expressly permitted by these Terms; or (b) with our prior written permission or the written permission of the third party that may own the trademark or copyright of material displayed on our Platform.
Copyright Infringement; DMCA Policy. We honor copyright laws, including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and take reasonable steps to remove any infringing material that we become aware of from our Platform. If you believe that any materials on our Platform infringe your copyright, you may request that such materials be removed. This request must bear a signature (or electronic equivalent) of the copyright holder or an agent and must include the following: (i) identification of the copyrighted work that you believe to be infringed, including a description of the work and, where possible, a copy or the location of an authorized version of the work; (ii) identification of the material that you believe to be infringing, including a description of the material, and its location on our Website or Mobile App; (iii) your name, address, telephone number and email address; (iv) a statement that you have a good faith belief that the complained of use of the materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; (v) a statement that the information in your claim is accurate; and (vi) a statement that “under penalty of perjury,” you declare that you are the lawful copyright owner or are authorized to act on the owner’s behalf. Our agent for copyright issues relating to our Platform is Copyright Agent, 1808 Gilded Crest Dr, Leander, TX, 78641or prazul@melomusic.app. To protect the rights of copyright owners, we reserve the right to suspend your Account and/or other any User privileges, delete or disable content alleged to be infringing and/or terminate the Account and/or other User privileges of a repeat infringer.
Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy, https://github.com/Melo-Music/PrivacyPolicy, describes the collection, use and disclosure of data by us in connection with our Platform. Our Privacy Policy, as may be updated by us from time to time in accordance with its terms, is hereby incorporated into these Terms, and you hereby agree to the collection, use and disclosure practices set forth therein.
Security. You acknowledge that our Platform use the Internet for data transfer and Internet-connected servers to store Content and Individual Data. While we use commercially reasonable security measures for such servers, no security measures are entirely effective and Internet communications may have inherent insecurities. As such, we make no representations or warranties regarding the security offered in respect of our Platform.
Your Use; Prohibited Conduct. 
General.  As a condition of your use of our Platform, you will not use our Platform for any purpose that is unlawful or otherwise prohibited by these Terms. You further agree to comply with any other applicable terms and conditions of use set forth on our Platform. We reserve the right, without prior notice to you and in our sole discretion, to terminate your access to our Platform if we decide that your use violates these Terms, including for the reasons listed in this Section 7(a), or for any other reason.
Prohibited Use; Unauthorized Access. You agree not, and will not permit any person or entity, to: (i) use, or allow the use of, our Platform for any unfair or deceptive practices or in contravention of any federal, state, local, foreign or other applicable law or rules and regulations of regulatory or administrative organizations; (ii) act in a fraudulent, tortious, malicious or negligent manner when using our Platform; (iii) act in any manner that, in our sole discretion, could damage, disable, overburden, impair or interfere with any other party’s use of our Platform; (iv) obtain or attempt to obtain any information through any means not intentionally made available through our Platform; (v) obtain unauthorized access to any computer system through our Platform; (vi) compromise, bypass, circumvent, remove or otherwise interfere with any security-related features of our Platform, features that prevent copying or using any part of our Platform or features that enforce limitations on the use of our Platform or any Content; (vii) introduce viruses, worms, Trojan horses and/or harmful code to our Platform; and (viii) use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, probe or other automated device, process or means to access, retrieve, scrape or index any portion of our Platform or any Content. In the event that you gain access to information not intended to be accessed by you, you agree that you will immediately notify us and destroy all copies of such information in your possession.
Prohibited Content and User Activity. You agree that you will not, and will not authorize or facilitate any attempt by another person or organization to use our Platform to: (i) transmit any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, offensive, obscene, pornographic, lewd, lascivious or otherwise objectionable, as determined by us; (ii) use a name or language that we, in our sole discretion, deem offensive; (iii) post defamatory statements; (iv) post hateful or offensive Content or Content that disparages any ethnic, racial, sexual, gender, religious or other group; (v) post Content that depicts or advocates the use of illegal drugs; (vi) post Content that characterizes violence as acceptable, glamorous or desirable; (vii) post Content which infringes another’s copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights; (viii) post unsolicited advertising or unlawfully promote products or services; (ix) harass, threaten, bully, stalk or intentionally embarrass or cause distress to another person or entity; (x) promote, solicit or participate in any multi-level marketing or pyramid schemes; (xi) exploit children under 18 years of age; (xii) engage in disruptive activity, such as sending multiple messages in an effort to monopolize a forum; (xiii) invade the privacy of any person, including without limitation posting personally identifying or otherwise private information about a person without their consent (or their parent’s consent in the case of a child under 13 years of age); (xiv) solicit personal information from children under 13 years of age; (xv) create a false identity or impersonate another person or entity; or (xvi) encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal or civil offense. We reserve the right to consider other conduct to be prohibited. In addition, you acknowledge and agree that you will not post any content to any of our social media accounts that is any of items (i)–(xvi) above.
Intellectual Property Infringement.  You agree that the structure, organization and code used in conjunction with our Platform are proprietary to us. You shall not, and shall not permit any person or entity to: (i) use our Platform on a service bureau, time sharing or any similar basis, or otherwise for the benefit of any other person or entity; (ii) alter, enhance, or make derivative works of our Platform or any Content available through the foregoing; (iii) reverse engineer, reverse assemble or decompile, or otherwise attempt to derive source code from our Platform; or (iv) sell, transfer, publish, disclose, display or otherwise make available our Platform including any modifications, enhancements, derivatives and other software and materials provided hereunder by us or copies thereof to others in violation of these Terms. Unless as otherwise set forth by us in writing, you understand and acknowledge that all Content contained on our Platform is the property of us and/or our affiliates or licensors, and is protected from unauthorized copying and dissemination by United States copyright law, trademark law, international conventions and other intellectual property laws. Product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
Third-Party Service. 
Third-Party Service.  Our Service may include features or functionalities that interoperate with services operated by third parties, which may be pursuant to a generally available application programming interface made available by such a third party or pursuant to an agreement that we have with such a third party. We have no control over any features or functionalities offered by any third party, and those features or functionalities may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time with no notice.
Third-Party Links. Our Platform may contain links to third-party sites. These links are provided to you as a convenience, and we are not responsible for the content of any linked third-party site. Any third-party site accessed from our Platform is independent from us, and we have no control over the content of that site. In addition, a link to any third-party site does not imply that we endorse or accept any responsibility for the content or use of such site. You understand that use of any third-party site is subject to its terms of service and privacy policy. We request that you exercise caution and good judgment when using third-party sites. 
Providers of Third-Party Platforms. You hereby acknowledge and agree that all of our licensors, suppliers or other third parties: (i) are not parties to these Terms; (ii) have no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance or support services with respect to Melo Music; (iii) are not responsible for addressing claims by you or any third party relating to our Platform, including without limitation any product liability claims, claims under consumer protection laws or claims under any other law, rule or regulation; and (iv) have no responsibility to investigate, defend, settle or discharge any claim that our Platform or use thereof infringes any third party intellectual property rights. 
Limitation of Liability; Disclaimers; Miscellaneous. 
Disclaimer. 
No Warranty. OUR PLATFORM, AND ALL CONTENT ON OR ACCESSIBLE FROM OUR PLATFORM ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. SPECIFICALLY, BUT WITHOUT LIMITATION, WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT: (i) THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH OUR PLATFORM IS FREE OF ERRORS; (ii) THE FUNCTIONS OR PLATFORM (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION MECHANISMS FOR THE DOWNLOADING AND TRANSMITTING CONTENT) PROVIDED BY OUR PLATFORM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR FREE OF ERRORS; (iii) DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR (iv) THAT OUR SERVERS OR THE SERVER(S) THAT MAKE THEM AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. 
Waiver of Liability. WE AND OUR AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION SUPPLIED BY YOU WILL NOT BE MISAPPROPRIATED, INTERCEPTED, DELETED, DESTROYED OR USED BY OTHERS. Under no circumstances will we be liable for any loss or damage caused by failed delivery or receipt of Content or any third party’s use or distribution of Content. You hereby acknowledge and agree that Melo Music merely stores and hosts User Content but does not actively create or own User Content. Under no circumstances will Melo Music be liable for any claims that may arise from User Content, including without limitation claims for intellectual property infringement. 
Limitation of Liability.
General. IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU, ANY OTHER USER OF OUR PLATFORM, ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDER OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR COSTS OF OBTAINING SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR PLATFORM) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OR MISUSE OF OUR PLATFORM, YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION, CONTENT OR ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREON OR IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, WHETHER BASED UPON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES. 
Limitation. OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING FROM THESE TERMS SHALL NOT EXCEED $100.00. 
Exclusions. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU BUT SHALL INSTEAD APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 
Release. Our Platform are only a means of connecting Users, and except to the extent, if any, that we serve as a communications platform among Users for purposes of streaming creations, we do not take part in the interaction between or among Users. As a result of our limited involvement in the actual contact between or among Users, in the event that you have a dispute with any Users, you hereby release us, and our officers, directors, employees, agents, investors, subsidiaries and contractors from any and all claims, demands or damages (actual or consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. We expressly disclaim any liability or claims that may arise between or among Users of our Platform. You waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party." You hereby waive any other similar provision of applicable law that applies to you.
Indemnification. By using our Platform, you hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless us and our officers, directors, employees and agents from any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, and all costs and expenses of defense (collectively, “Claims”), including without limitation attorneys' fees, resulting directly or indirectly from a claim by a third party that arises in connection with (i) your provision of any Content, (ii) your use of our Platform and/or (iii) any user or other third party’s use of any Content that you submit via our Platform. At our option, you agree to defend us from any Claims.
Waiver of Rights. Melo Music’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly agent of Melo Music.
Minors. Our Platform are available only to, and may only be used by, individuals over the age of 12. If you are under the age of 18, please make sure your parent or guardian has reviewed and discussed these Terms with you. If you are a parent or guardian and you discover that your child, under the age of 18 has created an unauthorized account on our Platform, please contact us at rishabh@melomusic.app and we will remove the account.
Successors and Assigns; Binding Effect. You may not assign or transfer your rights or obligations under these Terms in whole or in part to any third party without our consent. These Terms shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties to these Terms and their respective successors, permitted transferees and permitted assigns.
Independent Contractor Status. We and you are independent contractors and are not partners, joint venturers, agents, employees or representatives of each other. 
Entire Agreement; Amendment; Interpretation. These Terms, including our Privacy Policy, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions and matters contemplated herein, supersede all previous communications, understandings and agreements (whether oral or written) other than any click-through or end user license agreement provided by us, and cannot be amended except by a writing signed by both parties or by our posting of an amended version of these Terms on our Website. The headings and captions used in these Terms are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting these Terms. If any part of these Terms is held to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Jurisdictional Issues. We make no representation that information on our Platform is appropriate or available for use outside of the United States of America. Those who choose to access our Platform from outside such markets do so on their own initiative and at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. By using our Platform, you consent to having your Login Credentials and any personal information that you provide to us transferred to and processed in the United States of America subject to the restrictions on such data as provided in our Privacy Policy. 
Governing Law; Dispute Resolutions. These Terms, and any dispute between you and us, shall be governed by the Laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of law that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction other than New York General Obligations Laws 5-1401 or 5-1402, including all matters of construction, validity and performance, except that the Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of the arbitration provisions set forth below. Unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that this Section 11 is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or dispute, either as a result of your decision to opt-out of the Arbitration Procedures or as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, you agree that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and us must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in the State of New York except that you or we are permitted (a) to bring small claims actions in state court in the county in which you reside if such court has a small claims procedure and if such court is located in the United States of America; (b) to bring claims for injunctive relief in any court having jurisdiction over the parties; or (c) to seek enforcement of a judgment in any court having jurisdiction over the parties. To the extent permitted by law, you and we agree to waive trial by jury in any court proceeding.
Agreement to Arbitrate; Waiver of Class Action. 
Mandatory Arbitration of Disputes; Arbitration Procedures. Except if you opt-out or for disputes relating to your or our intellectual property (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights and patents) or for items (a)–(c) set forth in Section 11 (Governing Law; Dispute Resolutions), you agree that all disputes between you and us (whether or not such dispute involves a third party) arising out of or relating to these Terms, our Platform, and/or our Privacy Policy shall be finally resolved by arbitration before a single arbitrator conducted in the English language in the State of New York. under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and you and we hereby expressly waive trial by jury. You and we shall appoint as sole arbitrator a person mutually agreed by you and us or, if you and we cannot agree within thirty (30) days of either party’s request for arbitration, such single arbitrator shall be selected by the AAA upon the request of either party. The parties shall bear equally the cost of the arbitration (except that the prevailing party shall be entitled to an award of reasonable attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the arbitration in such an amount as may be determined by the arbitrator). All decisions of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on both parties and enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, application may be made to any court for a judicial acceptance of the award or order of enforcement. Under no circumstances shall the arbitrator be authorized to award damages, remedies or awards that conflict with these Terms. 
Class Action Waiver. Any claims brought by you or us must be brought in such party’s individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding.  You agree and acknowledge that neither you nor we will participate in a class action or class-wide arbitration for any claims covered by these Terms.  You hereby waive any and all rights to bring any claims related to these Terms and/or our Privacy Policy as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding.  You understand and agree that you may bring claims only on your own behalf.
Opt-out. You may opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate. If you do so, neither you nor we can require the other to participate in an arbitration proceeding. To opt out, you must notify us in writing within thirty (30) days of the date that you first became subject to this arbitration provision. The opt-out notice must state that you do not agree to the Agreement to Arbitrate and must include your name, address, phone number, your Melo Music account, if applicable, to which the opt-out applies and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this Agreement to Arbitrate. You must sign the opt-out notice for it to be effective. This procedure is the only way you can opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate. You must use this address to opt out: support@melomusic.app, ATTN: Arbitration Opt-Out [  Your name  ]. 
Effect of Changes on Arbitration. Notwithstanding any provision in these Terms to the contrary, you and we agree that if we make any change to the Arbitration Procedures (other than a change to any notice address or Website link provided herein) in the future, that change shall not apply to any claim that was filed in a legal proceeding against us prior to the effective date of the change. Moreover, if we seek to terminate the Arbitration Procedures from these Terms, such termination shall not be effective until thirty (30) days after the version of these Terms not containing the Arbitration Procedures is posted to our Website, and shall not be effective as to any claim that was filed in a legal proceeding against us prior to the effective date of removal.
Survival. In accordance with Section 5 (Scope of Service; Modifying and Terminating Service), this Section 12 (Agreement to Arbitrate; Waiver of Class Action) will survive the termination of your relationship with us. 
For Additional Information. If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at support@melomusic.app.
Last Updated: December 24, 2022

